=Generation to Generation=
=Episode 18=
If the man in black
is truly the mastermind,
perhaps I might spare you.
He won't speak, but I'll.
The first time I saw the man in black
was not long after Nie Zhe
became the Chief.
Many in the sect refused to submit.
Kill those people,
and you can secure your position.
With the man in black's help,
Nie Zhe eliminated dissenters
and gradually secured his power.
From then on,
he obeyed the man
in black without question.
The man in black also gave him
Suzi Fragrance and Qianxun Wood.
Nie Zhe then forced me
to use the Suzi Fragrance
to poison your father.
Who exactly is the man in black?
That person
has never shown his true face.
Oh, right.
He also revealed Yin Dai's whereabouts.
That was how Nie Zhe had
the chance to kill Yin Dai
and avenge the former chief.
Even I can't find him.
You'll never be able to find him.
You'll never avenge your father.
Take him away.
Qingyan,
I have told you everything.
Can you spare me now?
I'll spare you.
I'll also leave you here
alone
to die of old age.
Qingyan.
Qingyan!
I know I was wrong.
Please forgive me.
Qingyan!
Don't believe Nie Zhe.
The man in black supported him
for so many years.
He'll surely come to save him.
We'll wait here.
We'll definitely catch him.
He still hasn't come?
Has Nie Zhe become a discarded pawn?
He has schemed for so long.
He won't give up so easily.
I'm exhausted.
We'll wait slowly.
Young Master...
What is it?
The Jade Sunflower
isn't in the treasury.
It has been stolen.
Lu Chengnan?
Isn't he Nie Hengcheng's most trusted
and most valued disciple?
Why would he steal the Jade Sunflower?
No idea.
After Nie Hengcheng discovered it,
he was furious
and injured Lu Chengnan.
I was there at the time.
Nie Hengcheng was like a madman,
striking without restraint.
He meant to kill him.
When Han Yisu saw
Nie Hengcheng's intent to kill,
he desperately tried to stop him
while shouting for Lu Chengnan to run.
I haven't seen
Lu Chengnan since.
The Jade Sunflower is also missing.
This Jade Sunflower
is merely a healing item
to calm the mind and warm the meridians.
Why would Nie Hengcheng value it so much
that he'd injure his trusted disciple?
Lu Chengnan was even the next chief.
Why offend Nie Hengcheng
over a mere object?
Young Master,
our treasury holds so many treasures.
Why did you ask specifically
about the Jade Sunflower?
To repay a favor.
The Wanzai Stone beneath Mount Lieyan?
Though it can't eradicate
the Nether Aura,
its effect of warming the meridians
is exceptional.
I hope you won't disdain it
and accept it.
The chaos caused by Nie Zhe
has yet to be resolved.
The Jade Sunflower
may have fallen elsewhere.
If I find it one day,
I'll immediately deliver it to you.
Thanks.
Since you've found this,
you should return early to recuperate.
How about this?
Tomorrow morning,
I'll send someone to escort you out.
Will Zhao leave with me?
She has matters to attend to,
so she won't leave with you.
Do you still remember
what we said about following
the natural course?
During this trip,
I witnessed Nie Zhe's cruelty.
I now know the rumors
about Li Sect are not false.
Our feud runs deep.
Centuries of blood debts and division
can't be resolved in a single day.
Speak plainly.
Zhao won't stay.
The overall situation here is settled.
In a few days,
we'll return.
This mountain map is so detailed.
Since you wanted to see it,
I asked them for the most complete copy.
Miss Cai,
are we still waiting here tonight?
Of course.
If we don't catch the culprit,
how can we console Uncle Chang's spirit?
If that person never comes,
will you keep waiting?
(Starry Terrace, Sandy Ridge)
How vast.
No wonder the mountains have sustained
Li Sect for over 200 years.
Naturally.
Our mountains have always been rich
in resources and self-sufficient.
I heard from my grandfather
that before the former chief went mad,
Li Sect lived very well.
There were markets, shops,
workshops, and eateries.
Life was peaceful and harmonious.
But it declined later.
Especially after Nie Zhe took office,
people suffered,
and resentment filled the air.
But now, the Young Master
has taken charge of Bliss Palace.
The Li Sect will soon prosper again.
He'll surely be a good chief.
Grandfather is returning soon.
I must go back to the village
to tidy up.
He'll be back so soon?
Is it unpleasant outside?
A few days outside is fine.
Too long won't do.
People outside the mountains
don't truly accept us.
It is better to return home.
Miss Cai,
will you also return home?
It is time to go back.
Otherwise, my family will worry.
If you return, the Young Master...
Greetings, Young Master.
I'll take my leave first.
You're here.
Do you want to go
to the Hanhai Mountains?
The Hanhai Mountains are so beautiful.
Yet this was the place
my father most wished to leave.
Why?
My father once said,
"The Mu clan has governed Li Sect
for 200 years."
"Every child born into the Mu clan"
"must study diligently without rest,"
"resist the Six Sects,"
"and control the unruly subordinates."
"Their entire lives are trapped here."
"It is enough."
Then why did he not leave?
Because Elder Qiu begged him bitterly.
Elder Qiu said
that if my father left,
Nie Hengcheng would act
without restraint.
Those loyal to the Mu clan
would be slaughtered.
He could not bear it,
so he stayed.
Later, he met Sun Ruoshui
and had me.
In my childhood, I suffered greatly,
barely clinging to life.
So, he stayed again.
Until two years ago,
he was poisoned by Sun Ruoshui.
Not long after,
he passed away.
So, he never managed to leave.
Mu Qingyan!
The poison has spread
to your limbs and organs.
It can't be suppressed.
Why has it suddenly worsened like this?
Suzi Fragrance has no cure.
Perhaps
the time has come.
I'll find someone to save you.
Even Uncle Lei is helpless.
In this vast world,
who else can you find?
Zhao,
I still have one unfulfilled wish.
Are you willing to help me?
What is it?
In these final days,
I hope you can stay by my side.
After all,
in my current state,
I won't delay you for long.
All right.
I'll stay with you.
(Carefree)
Young Master,
your health...
Say no more.
Yuzhi.
Zhao,
when do you plan to return?
In a few more days.
I've received a pigeon message
from Guangtian Gate.
Master and the others
are already outside.
If we don't return soon,
they might force their way in.
Zhao, have you considered
how this will end?
You may leave on your own.
Why did you come out?
It's windy outside.
Hurry back and lie down.
I'm fine.
Yuzhi,
just give me a few more days.
Go back now.
Thank you, Uncle Cheng.
You even prepared Smiley for me.
Open your mouth.
Young Master.
You...
Young Master,
are you going to repeat
the Mu clan's past mistakes?
It seems Elder Yan has
something to say to me.
Zhao,
wait outside for me.
Young Master,
the marriages of your family
have never
ended well.
The Young Lord suffered deeply.
Why must you repeat the same mistake?
You've only been released
for a few days.
Do you wish to be locked back
in the Jiuzhou Archive?
You can even throw me into the dungeon.
Today, I must speak my mind.
The Li Sect now stands amid ruins.
This is your opportunity
to accomplish something.
And now?
For Miss Cai,
you linger
in the Carefree Chamber all day,
lost in warmth and comfort,
neglecting progress.
Do you wish to doom Li Sect?
My father's dying wish
was to dissolve Li Sect
and leave the Hanhai Mountains.
Perhaps
I should issue the order at once
and let the members depart freely.
Would that not satisfy all?
Young Master,
forgive my bluntness.
The one who killed the Young Lord
was not Nie Zhe,
nor Sun Ruoshui,
but his merciful heart.
His mercy
could not even
protect himself.
Young Master,
don't repeat the same mistake.
Elder Yan,
what a man my father was
isn't for you to judge.
I don't care who he was.
He was a Mu.
A Mu
can't think only of themselves.
For all the sect members,
this is their home.
If Li Sect prospers,
we live and work in peace.
If Li Sect is gone,
we lose our home
and suffer humiliation.
Young Master,
if you insist on going your own way,
I'll release Nie Zhe at once
and restore him as the Chief.
Even if he acts tyrannically again,
at least he can protect
this ancestral foundation
for the sec members.
It seems you
truly have my best interests at heart.
Young Master,
please correct your actions now.
But if I did not do this,
how could I lure out Nie Zhe's remnants
and wipe them out in one sweep?
Once most of Nie Zhe's followers
are captured,
Mr. Mu should recover, right?
His chronic illness is hard to cure.
He won't recover so soon.
If it were truly that serious,
would you and You
hunt down rebels everywhere?
It's just a plan to lure the enemy
and stall for time,
killing two birds with one stone.
Don't worry.
This is your internal matter.
I won't interfere.
As for Miss Cai...
She's involved too deeply to see it.
No matter what others say,
she should see through the maze herself.
Zhao is intelligent.
She'll see it on her own.
Before that, I won't say another word.
What a pity
that you're from the Six Sects.
In the future, we may gain
another formidable enemy.
She can't even swallow
her medicine anymore.
Mother,
is Aunt going to die?
Aunt,
take the medicine.
Aunt!
Qi,
Pingshu
is gone.
Qi,
don't be like this.
Qi, don't be like this.
Qi...
Qi!
Pingshu.
Pingshu!
She's gone. Qi, don't be like this.
- Qi!
- Pingshu!
Don't be like this, Qi!
Pingshu!
Why must they die?
Why can't I do anything?
Mu Qingyan.
Zhao,
you are here.
Yan Xu is too rigid.
I've driven him away.
He won't disturb us again.
Zhao,
what is wrong?
I've left the sect without permission
for over two months.
It's time for me to return.
Today,
I came to say goodbye.
What did you say?
I said I'm leaving.
I'm returning to Qingque Sect.
This is the demonic sect.
I'm a disciple of the Six Sects.
You've become the Chief.
I can't stay any longer.
But you promised me
to stay with me.
For how long?
One year?
Five years?
Or ten years?
You need not worry.
This poison won't take that long.
That may not be so.
You're blessed with talent.
Would mere Suzi Fragrance
truly defeat you?
What are you talking about?
What clever tactics.
Using the more potent Xungu Grass
to trigger a new poison.
It suppresses
the outbreak of Suzi Fragrance
and lets you stage a fine act
of being near death before me.
How ruthless.
Zhao,
I...
No.
You didn't act for me.
You acted for the whole world.
I was wondering
why, with your poison flaring,
Shangguan Haonan and You Guanyue
were nowhere to be seen.
Now, I understand.
They are busy capturing
Nie Zhe's followers.
With you poisoned,
unable to attend to greater matters,
those remnants
would surely reveal themselves.
Then you cleanse them in blood.
Two birds with one arrow.
Truly an excellent scheme.
Zhao...
Zhao!
I just wanted you to stay.
This is Li Sect.
(Carefree)
Do you think you can leave
without my permission?
Mu Qingyan,
why must it be like this?
We had this journey
only by fate.
Now that fate has ended,
it's time to part peacefully.
That's nonsense.
You're just timid,
afraid of being blamed.
Have you forgotten what we saw
in the underground palace?
Mu Donglie and Luo Shiyun
could overcome countless hardships.
So can we.
Mu Qingyan, wake up.
With Mu Donglie's power,
even he could not openly
marry Luo Shiyun.
He either hid in an underground palace
or fled far away.
Let alone you and me.
What could we possibly do?
The demonic sect
and the Six Sects
are irreconcilable enemies.
I cannot abandon my family
and duties for you.
I'd never do that for anyone!
You can't leave!
If you insist on keeping me...
This blade has taken many lives.
I won't disgrace my aunt's name.
You want to kill me?
Let me go.
Young Master, bad news!
(Carefree)
Nie Zhe was rescued.
Miss Cai,
that isn't how to hold a blade.
It's so frightening.
Speak.
Young Master,
a man in black
just broke into the dungeon,
injured Shisan, rescued Nie Zhe,
and...
killed Lady Sun.
You may go.
Catch them first.
No need for you
to trouble yourself with that.
Were you not ready to leave just now?
The one who killed Uncle Chang
must be dealt with.
You can stay for one day.
But what about a month? A year?
You come
and go as you please.
What do you take Li Sect for?
If you wish to stay,
you may never leave.
Have you thought it through?
Miss Cai...
The strike pierced the Baihui acupoint.
Death was instant.
There should've been no pain.
We've searched everywhere.
There is no trace of Nie Zhe
or the man in black.
Could it be
that there is a secret passage?
The Nie clan controlled
the sect for decades.
A cunning rabbit has three burrows.
A secret passage
would not be surprising.
But this man in black
knows the Nie clan's secrets so well.
Bury her according to the rites
of a chief's wife
with full honors.
Young Master...
All of you, leave.
Yes.
The Young Master seems in low spirits.
If only Miss Cai
were here.
Zhao!
Master.
We truly share a bond.
I've been thinking of you for days.
And you came to fetch me.
Come on.
Were you injured?
Good to hear.
The priority now
is to find the man in black,
avenge Uncle Chang,
and prevent further disaster.
Zhao,
do you truly believe
what Mu Qingyan says?
If he could impersonate Chang Ning,
why could he not fabricate
a man in black
and stage a play for you?
Master,
I've fought that man in black.
He is indeed unfathomable.
By your account,
among the Seven Star Elders,
two still remain.
It's possible
that this man in black
is a hidden third elder.
They're inexperienced and unaware
of how cunning the demonic sect is.
Mu Qingyan,
as the Young Master
of the demonic sect,
disguised himself as Chang Ning
in Qingque Sect for months.
Even I was deceived by him.
One who possesses such scheming
is no ordinary person.
Once a fraud, always a fraud.
Yet you, for such a deceitful man,
involved yourselves
in the internal strife.
What do you take
Qingque Sect,
your own lives,
and your loved ones for?
Yunke.
Yuzhi,
Zhao,
you two snuck away this time.
Your master was worried sick.
If I hadn't stopped him,
he'd have ridden into the Youming Path
to rescue you.
We even had to find ways
to protect your reputations.
There must not be a next time.
It was my fault.
I won't make you worry again.
Milady,
you are finally back.
Was the trip smooth?
Did anything interesting happen?
Nothing.
Are you hungry?
Would you like some wonton?
When I heard you were returning,
I learned how to make them.
I even prepared
the front of the pork leg.
The wonton is here.
Mu Qingyan, as the Young Master
of the demonic sect,
disguised himself as Chang Ning
in Qingque Sect for months.
Once a fraud,
always a fraud.
Yet you, for such a deceitful man,
involved yourselves
in the internal strife.
What do you take
Qingque Sect,
your own lives,
and your loved ones for?
Milady.
Milady?
I'll never eat wonton again.
Don't mention wonton again.
=Generation to Generation=
♪The breeze is gentle,
and spring is fair♪
♪I roam the rivers and hills
in the martial world♪
♪With a shining cup,
I drink with delight tonight♪
♪Free to wander in the world♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I rest beneath the stars' soft gleam♪
♪The night is calm, still as a stream♪
♪It washes away all judgment and scheme♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I hold the bright moon
as I return home♪
♪I freely roam in the world♪
♪All I ask is that you go with me♪
♪I drink with the breeze,
lost in my dreams♪
♪I hold the bright moon
as I return home♪
♪I freely roam in the world♪
♪All I ask is that you go with me♪